All right here in Gamp we're going to bring in our exported U-V map and lay a few textures down on it
so we can import them back into blender.
So if you haven't used it before you can find it here at Gip dot org.
It's open source.
It's free and it's available for just about any operating system.
So let's go ahead and bring in our U-V map or go to File Open and I will browse to my project and other
textures.
Here is my door open that up are U-V.
Map is represented by these shaded islands.
We can put images underneath this layer and we'll still be able to see them and place them where we
need them to be.
So I'll go ahead and come up to file and open and let's find a texture we want to use.
I have a texture folder with lots of textures here that we could maybe use I'm thinking this would texture
right here.
It's a seamless texture which means we should be able to tile it or put it in the end and the seams
should be practically invisible.
So let's give this a try.
Click open and there it is.
I'll select everything with control or command a.
I will copy it.
Go to edit copy and then I'll come over here and paste it here with edit paste.
Now when it comes in you'll have this floating selection.
We can right click on that and click two new layer and that will create a new layer that we can edit
and modify.
I'll zoom out a bit and here is the outline of our texture.
I want to drag this down below the UVA's layer so we're seeing it through the I'll come over here to
the rotate tool and the lips.
Click on the image and type in 9 0 and click rotate and now click the scale tool.
Click over here on the image and I want to make sure that my height and width are linked together so
when I click that.
And then I'll come over here to one of these corners and click and drag and bring this down to about
the size or width of one of these U-V islands.
I'll hit enter then I'll come over to the move tool here and click and drag and try and put it in place.
And when you go hit the Z key to zoom in and once again the scale tool click and I'll bring this down
just a bit and tell it's the width of that U-V Island.
Go.
Now I'd like to duplicate this layer and drag it down so shift command d press the end key for the move
tool and bring this down I'll zoom in so I can take a look at the edges here and I should be able just
to if I go to move to I can just press the arrow keys and kind of nudge the image into place I'll press
shift command J to zoom out again shift command d to duplicate again and this time with the move tool
selected I can hold the shift key down and press the down arrow and that'll move that all the way down
there.
And now I can just use the individual arrow key with out the shift key and nudge it into place and I
would go zoom back out with shift command J.
Now I will hide the use of these layer and merge these together with right click and merge visible layers
and merge.
And now I can take that one layer and duplicate it again.
So I can also right click over here and choose duplicate layer.
And now I can move this one over so I'll go back to the moved tool and shift to an arrow and move that
over right about there.
And it looks like we'll need one more duplicate shift arrow and move these over here.
OK so now that we have our wood texture in let's now make room for the texture of the door handle We
need to erase the areas over the door handle so I'll zoom in with the Z key.
Here come over to the rectangular select tool click and drag this area and then I'll press command X
I'll zoom out again shift command.
Jay zoom in appere do the same thing click the rectangular select tool again drag a selection control
or command X.
Here we go.
Now I want to de-selected this area go to select none.
And now let's bring in some sort of a brass texture to put on the door knobs or go to File Open and
in here and my textures folder I'll grab this brass image here and I can just click and drag this straight
in right there and it'll create a new layer for me right into layer stack click Cancel.
I click the scale tool click on the image and scale it down quite a bit.
Hit scale and then I'll press the key and move it over here like that.
So it encompasses this area.
This group of islands Let me zoom in and make sure I have everything there.
It looks like I do.
OK.
So now what I need to do is duplicate this
and move it down to here.
There we go.
Well now take these brass layers and drag them down beneath the wood like that and I could also
take these two and merge these together merge visible layers right there and I could do the same with
the wood as well.
Why not merge these together to.
All right so now I have my door knob Lehre and my wood layer.
This would work OK.
But I think I want to clean it up just a little bit.
So to do that I'm going to select that UVA's layer.
I'll come over to the fuzzy selection tool and I'll click anywhere outside of a U-V island that will
select everything outside the U-V islands.
I'll zoom in so we can see this here.
And we go now or come over to select and shrink and I'm going to shrink this selection by say two pixels
I'll click OK and you can see how it's kind of expanded out beyond the U-V islands.
I'm just trying to give it a little bit of room to breathe there and I'll press shift command Jay to
zoom back out or click on the wood layer and press command X and that deletes everything on the wood
layer and then I'll click on the brass lever and press command X and that deletes everything there as
well.
Now I'll add a new layer by going to Leyre new layer and I'll put this on on the bottom and grab my
paint bucket tool and since my color is black here I'll go ahead and leave it at that and I'll click
anywhere and fill in the background in black.
Now there we have our color map for our door.
Now we just need to export it out or go to file export as.
And I'll call this door
underscore C for color map.
I'll make sure I have a p n g image.
That's a pretty good format to use here.
And our Click export.
All right.
So in the next video we'll go back to Blendr and apply our new texture to our object.